# Keyboard Warriors - Teams 6-11

## Weekly Discussion

## When and Where

Wednesday 03/10/21 @9am - 9:50am on Sasya's Zoom

## our team attendance
- Max


## what was discussed
- each team gave 5-7 minute disucssion of
 - 1. A quick progress update
 - 2. What are the things left to wrap up and how long do you think it'll take?
 - 3. How did you feel about being given a specific topic for the project?
 - 4. In particular, how did you feel about working on a Pomodoro app?
 - 5. If you would've wanted to work on something else, what could it have been?
 - 6. How are you and your team feeling right now?
 - 7. Anything you'd like to add?

 - one group is basically done
 - seems like we have more to do than other groups 
 - 

## genral advice from Sasya

- they're gonna compare em all together then grade
- 50% SE process
  - we shouldn't worry too much cause abt grading bc we've been turning in assignments on time
- 50% app
  - minimum reqs detailed in initial assignment
  - some groups might go above and beyond to get extra cred
  - 


## Questions for Sasya
1. should the user be able to start a session without having a name for the task
   - we can call it "task #1" (placeholder)
   - or we can force user to add it with validation
   - if for ease of user we can have it as a valid justification
2. do we need a github wiki and what should be in it?
   - def add it
   - just pipeline stuff is ok
   - if we were to hand over our project other people, what would we tell them?
3. When is the final due date?
   - it is due on finals day, bu there's also a hefty video due before then which will take time
4. Can we switch tasks before the cycle of 4 ends? 
   -  according to pomo technique, you're not allowed to switch
   - if you wanna deviate for a few things you can bc it's your product, have a justification
      - why as a group we decided to choose that way
